Problem Statement:
Citizens will be able to keep documents such as mark sheets, PAN cards, 
passports, and other important documents in digital format as a result of this 
advancement. Simultaneously, it aims to cut government spending, lowering the 
government's overhead costs. It will lessen the risks of losing crucial documents by 
linking each member's Adhaar number, which is a unique number given to all 
cardholders. The internet system allows you to share them. Physical copies of 
documents will become obsolete in the near future. It will provide services in all 
main categories, including education, health care, railroads, and other speciﬁcs.
User
Project Title Secure & Share Govt Document with Family 
Members
Technologies HTML, CSS, JS, and Firebase
Domain Industry
Project Diﬃculties levelMedium
Register
Verify OTP

Project Evaluation metrics:
Code: 
Database: 
Logging: Login
Upload doc
Update/Delete Doc
Share Doc
My Proﬁle
You are supposed to write a code in a modular fashion
Safe: It can be used without causing harm.
Testable: It can be tested at the code level.
Maintainable: It can be maintained, even as your codebase grows.
Portable: It works the same in every environment (operating system) 
You have to maintain your code on GitHub.
You have to keep your GitHub repo public so that anyone can check your code. 
Proper readme ﬁle you have to maintain for any project development. 
You should include basic workﬂow and execution of the entire project in the 
readme ﬁle on GitHub 
Follow the coding standards.
You are supposed to use FireBase.
Logging is a must for every action performed by your code, use the JavaScript 
or python logging library for this. 

Deployment: 
Optimization of solutions: 
Submission requirements: 
Project code:
You have to submit your code to the GitHub repo and you have to share the repo 
link at ﬁnal submission of your project. 
Detail project report:
You have to create a detailed project report and submit that document as per the 
given sample. You can host your model in the cloud platform, edge devices, or maybe local, 
but with a proper justiﬁcation of your system design. 
Try to optimize your solution on code level, architecture level, and mention all 
of these things in your ﬁnal submission. 
Mention your test cases for your project.